so changes will be made it's obvious
that this is going to be part of the
game one day it's kind of sad because
we're all gonna miss this well we're all
gonna miss this for sure what enough
talking I'm giggle like I feel like a
child having his first toy taken away
from him you know and playing Brooks
case since I was like 13 or some
man I've been playing it for like seven
years dude like that's a really long
time you know when it's a big part of my
life and it's gonna feel really really
weird I think I'm gonna feel like
someone took a chunk of me if I just
lose it some really a lot I'm not
looking forward to this update jagex
just let you know that I really hope you
don't do it
every runescape player wants to see the
game improve progress become more
enjoyable for all the people that play
it no one that plays R Us has any
interest in seeing it fail and die out
although people may think that the game
isn't what it used to be it doesn't mean
that they want to see it come to an end
there have been questionable updates and
questionable decisions but that hasn't
stopped a huge number of players
continuing to log on every day and do
what they love doing on this game people
spend years of their life learning how
to get good training their skills
killing bosses killing players and all
that could become useless after the
combat evolution update the purpose of
this video isn't to whine and hope that
jagex don't do the combat beta update
it's just to ask jagex one thing since
runescape began players were always kept
in mind but they after update as the
game built up and grew the players were
at the forefront of the developers mind
the primary concern was making the game
good the good game enjoyed by many if
they created a good game success would
follow and it did never were there
updates to exploit their players never
where that updates made regardless of
the effect on the players the primary
concern of jagex was always to create an
enjoyable experience for the player of
course there were business interests
when doing this Jagex had to stay
profitable and have done for many years
how did they do it through quality
content released with players in mind
the evolution of combat update is not
being made with players in mind allow me
to explain my point of view the way
runescape has progressed has been a
gradual process over many years
consisting of constant releases of new
smaller updates it's not every day that
you see a new skill released it's
sometimes not even every year no matter
what when the player saw themselves log
out for the system update they knew
they'd be able to log into the same game
understand it
enjoy in the same way that they did
previously with the evolution of combat
that won't be the case the evolution of
combat changes the game too much I'm not
saying that from the perspective of
someone that is afraid of change or
feels that changes a negative thing I'm
saying it from the perspective of a
runescape player someone that has played
with constant updates since I started
playing this game but never have I
witnessed an update that changed the
face of the game so much when I next
login I won't know what to do I won't
know how to kill players I won't know
how to kill bosses it would take me days
and days and days of game time to get
anywhere near the point at which I am
before the update there has been one
update like this in runescape history
and that update was the conversion from
runescape classic to runescape 2 when
jagex made that update they labeled it
as a new game because it was too
different they allowed people to play
runescape classics though the people
that didn't appreciate runescape 2 still
had the game they loved and enjoyed
there is one very basic thing about the
evolution of combat that I just don't
understand why would you update it all
at once
runescape has always been a game that is
improved gradually the content released
was never a total overhaul of the game a
small update after small update it's how
it has always worked and it's how it
worked well I'm not someone that will
totally quit after the evolution of
combat update I will give it a try I
will try to enjoy the game I understand
that the beta is only a beta and it is
not what runescape will be like after
the update however the odds of me
continuing to learn how to play this
game as well as I do now are next to
none I have seen countless people
commenting about the beta and it seems
that the general consensus is just that
the game will die come the update so
this is my one question to Jagex
is it worth the risk
you